Valkyrie rose seven feet
Meet the Four Protectors
You are Luo Zhan
Ah!
It was extraordinary.
Talent Excellence
Golden Dragon
Like the sea of air
Xingmu Jianmei
Face like crown jade handsome
So discerning
Rare root bone
If killed
It's a pity
as
Why don't you lose under the door of our four guardians?
If so
The previous Immortal Extermination Order is invalid
We promise to spare your life
Sir, he is not disciplined.
How can you speak here?
If you can worship him
The Four Protectors of the Law
But the crowning glory
I didn't expect this blind man
There is such a blessing
Yes, Luo Zheng
What are you still doing?
So taboo
Don't be fooled.
Fiancee, fiancee
I think you are really confused.
The four of them want to learn from me
I'll have to think about it.
They want me to learn from them.
fool
At least kill yourself
Bad man